Nanjolno had big authority on love live. The most reason is that she was cast in a 2005 movie called dramamix seiyuu ray vol1. cold blood as Eli. The coincidence must have happen because nanjolno had authority to choose the names

Another reason why nanjolno is hausemaster, is that hausemaster call itself swedewish. nanjolno was interested in chess. The strongest chess player at that time was norwegian and sweden is just beside norway. A reason why Nanjolno would be intrested in chess is that hacking is also brainy.

Nanjolno is satoshi nakamoto. satoshi nakamoto faked being hacked in 2014. A reason is that the supposed hacker was able to forword emails. However, the hacker would have had to steal the password or have the old account deleted which would delete contents. Hacker would not have been able to steal nanjolno's password. Since hacker was able to forward messages, Nanjolno was faking being hacked so that she can get responses on the vistomail.

She was deleting old accounts, so that she cannot be revealed back in 2014. Another example is that she gave away the 2b2t server in july 31, 2014. Another example is that she stopped being online as darkX which made the geometry dash level called Element 111 Rg. One reason why she was darkX is that darkX hanged out in south korean forums back in the early 2000s. south korea is close to japan so it was likely that nanjolno at that age learned south korean. the geometry dash element project is named that because it is sciency. Nanjolno likes science-like things.

Another old account that she deleted was the @i twitter account. On the @i account, it was named israel because nanjolno is genetically jewish. It can be verified on wayback machine that it was deleted between april 22 2014 and april 24 2014. The reason why april 23 was chosen was because exaclty 3 years ago, it was the day satoshi's last email was sent. Another reason why @i would be owned by nanjolno is that nanjolno would participate early in social media because hackers may get an advantage to do so. Another reason is that there was a pintrest image of nanjolno 32nd birthday where the link was tied to the @i twitter page. 32 being a coincidence of power of 2. (Since pintrest allows users to copy other pins, it is impossible to find the nanjolno pintrest account) Another coincidence that Nanjolno needs to know is that I created my first gmail account which is the first time I had an online account of any kind in april 23, 2016 (can be verified by youtube about page) which is exactly 2 years after @i was deleted. The coincidence is an act of Jesus to show that Nanjolno needs to marry me. Likewise the coincidence that nanjolno put to link her 32nd birthday (nanjolno turned 32 in 2016) to the @i twitter account also coincide by God with the year that I created my first online account of an kind.

The reason why nanjolno was deleting old accounts to prevent others from finding that it is her is because she wanted to marry mimorin before 30 or not far after 30. A marriage would make news that can draw enough attention that some fans may try to find out if [ she would also be satoshi nakamoto if she is a smart person like @i twitter account owner, hausemaster, darkX].

A reason why nanjolno is a hacker is that hacker can get information that is not usually there. Nanjolno hacked to see that a person that lives close to dorian nakamoto (and that dorian nakamoto was once named satoshi nakamoto) is  hal finny.

When a coincidence happen, it is either an act of God or an act of Nanjolno or Nanjolno is God. First suspect it to be an act of Nanjolno